I plan to focus on a work-related project. My team's goal is to get existing users to start using other products (ie. Cross Product Acquistion). 
I am interested if there are in-product user behavior that would predict how likely a user is to try/buy a second product. 
I have access to Atlassian's in-product user data which includes daily user level clicks by product.
The data is roughly clean, although we do have client side events firing, so user behavior is not a 1-1 match. It is more like a 1-25 match. 
I will need to spend some time scraping out these nonsense events to get the true user click events. 
I chose this topic because it is directly related to work and I will be able to use what I learn to make more informative decisions on what 
experiments we run and how we target users based on their behavior. 


My Ideas: 
1. *Can we predict when a JIRA instance is most likely going to purchase Bitbucket? 
2. *Can we predict when a JIRA users would most likely use Bitbucket based on user behavior? Developers more likely to use BB than PMs 
(Similarly can we predict what role a user is based on their behavior) 
3. Can we recommend other products to JIRA users based on a user's in product behavior? 
4. ** Can we predict which JIRA users will turn into engaged users based on their in product behavior? (I dont have a metric for engaged user though) 
5. Can we predict if a user will be retained 1 year later based on month 1 user behavior? 


I am really curous if I can use data science to know what users are "high value" or "engaged users" based on user 
behavior frequency and intensity. Without knowing what high value means, besides maybe they are a retain users (aka paying user), can 
data science be used to identify "quality users"? 

Similarly, we know what our products "core" features are, but can I use data science to identify what users believe 
our core features are based on their in product behavior? If we truly knew what users are getting the most value out of, we 
could teach other users about these valuable features and get them to value our products just as much! 
